Docs/SPE 260: update and reorganize telemetry metric references (#21965)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/telemetry-metrics/vault/replication/rpc/server/persist_persona_request.mdx

### vault.replication.rpc.server.persist_persona_request ((#vault-replication-rpc-server-persist_persona_request))

Metric type | Value | Description
----------- | ----- | -----------

> summary     | ms    | Time required to complete a request to persist a persona

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary     | ms    | Time required to complete a request to persist an alias
```

Persona is the old terminology.

Reviewer: I think this one might be obsolete, from what I can tell we won't emit it these days.

Author: Okay. I'll commit the suggestion for now, but won't delete it from the metrics listings unless you confirm it's no longer populated.
